I enjoyed Watch Dogs. It wasn't without its issues, but overall I had lots of fun. I'll start with the bad. I didn't find it to be a compelling story. The characters don't develop or go anywhere. There isn't much in the way of payoff at the end, and there is a moral choice at the end that doesn't change the ending much either way. And the "moral choice" comes out of nowhere as no choices anywhere prior to the very end (even after the boss fight) has any influence on the ending. It's like someone set out to write William Gibson and wound up with Lifetime Movie of the Week. Still, not a big loss. This is a video game, I'm not expecting Hemingway. And there's so much to do and so little story, that the main quest is only about a quarter of the game anyway.

Glitches. I've run into several mission restarting glitches on the PC port. And there is a report of a game ending glitch that ruins whole savegames (I'm lucky I missed that one.) Ubi needs to realize that playtesting can prevent problems like this and this is bush league developer stuff.

And I'm not finding much re-playability. I got many hours of enjoyment out of Watch Dogs, but now that I'm done with the story and most of the cheevos... there isn't much else. The multiplayer isn't meaty enough to carry much replayability. But then again I'm not much into online multiplayer, if someone is their opinion might be different.

But the good far outweighs the bad. Plenty of great gameplay outside the main story. Lots of content and contracts and games. I've heard complaints about the driving... but I prefer it to Rockstar's Euphoria engine driving (GTA.) I really think a lot of the bellyaching is coming from folks who aren't very GOOD at the driving.

Mechanically, the engine is good, the stealth works, the driving is good, the game engine does everything asked. And the controls are smooth and easy to master. Again any problems with the controls has more to do with personal ham-fistedness than actual difficulty. And I'm not a guy that cares about graphics. I'll never take away points for bad graphics. Gameplay and story matter much more. But if a game has particularly good graphics, or displays something particularly well... I may add a point. And I have done so with Watch Dogs. The graphics aren't the greatest (looking like the E3 display settings are still on disc, but were nerfed for PC to drag it back down to console level) but they are plenty good enough. And the Chicago of Watch Dogs... feels more alive than any other sandbox city ever has. Partially due to the "profiling" mechanic, but it's just better than the average cityscape with a handful of non-reacting npcs sprinkled on it.