1. I want to begin with all the fuss that's on the web: This game got so popular before it even launched that people started already hating the game they haven't played.

2. If you are average player who likes to button smash every stage trough game - this game isn't for you. Go get Wolfenstein or Serious Sam.

3. If you are looking for a good story, like maybe: Max Payne - This game isn't for you. Story isn't offering anything new. The story is probably the most boring part of the game. So cheesy.

4. If you like to figure out tactics, if you like to learn the scene before entering it, if you can wait for opponents, plan your moves in time - This game is for you. I was amazed by the filling of hanging around outside by the bench, while I control cameras inside the building and knocking out my enemies that have no idea what hit them.

Anyone, who enjoyed Splinter Cell - will probably enjoy this game. In bonus, Watch dogs offers you a weaker character (Aiden Pearce), compared to Splinter Cells Sam Fisher, who can kill 3 guys in a momentum and take out forth with a bare hands.

Your main weapon is your phone. You must create distractions for enemy's to pass by them, or take them out one by one. Also, you can lure them into traps, Jam their communication systems so they get a headache from buzz in ears and etc. Overall, game is very creative.

Also, it is hard. It's really hard just to shoot off your enemies (I was playing it on hard mode). You are not a Stallone, or Terminator, you are just a normal guy. But sometimes shooting is the only option and using your phone to hack nearby systems that act in your advantage - is the key for ultimate fun.

As a open world game, Watch Dogs offers many side missions - finding murderers, suspects, potential criminals, codes hidden around Chicago and many more.

All in all, I enjoyed this game very much. I haven't played anything like that. This was really new.

8/10 because story is boring, but gameplay does it's job very well.

I haven't spoken about graphics because my PC could only run it smoothly on low preferences. But real gamer doesn't mind for graphics. To me, it was all about gameplay.