Simply the greatest modern day open world ever created. The hacking mechanic is fluid (unlike what some people say) and the writing is spot on. Some reviewers have knocked the driving mechanic a bit. I disagree. The driving mechanic is different - sure, but I'd say its more realistic than other games as each car has its own handling and stopping distances. This takes time to get used to, but its really good when you know how to handle each car. Besides this, the streets are much more populated with cars and people than anything I've ever seen before. GTA doesn't come close to anything like this.

Besides driving, IGN particularly described Aiden as an 'empty trench coat'. That's unfair. Ubisoft use nightmare sequences and flashbacks to really fill out his personality and how he feels about the circumstances surrounding the start of the game.

He could have been filled out more - sure - and they could have talked about his past (before he started hacking) a bit more, but they did a really good job with his personality and this helps make sense of some of the gameplay (e.g. why he helps save other people).

The other gameplay mechanics - such as stealth - are interesting and in a way, similar to splinter cell - although this works out well in the context of the open world.

Interestingly, some reviews have really played down Aiden/the player's hacking skill in the game. For example, some people have said that at the start of the game, a friend of Aiden's triggers a blackout. This is wrong. Aiden rings a friend to find out information about the blackout and how to trigger one as he's in a rush to escape from police and the player hacks the system and you trigger the blackout yourself.

The city itself is very large. Its larger and much more denser than Los Santos, giving Chicago a realistic feeling of size. This realism is added by the dynamic events in the city, really good animations and realistic AI. It truly is the most realistic open world ever created.

The supporting cast are also shaping up to be really interesting characters themselves, adding another level to how good the game is.

On the negative side, the PS3 version occasionally gets shaky graphics and the occasional pop in when travelling in cars, although this is unnoticeable unless it is being specifically looked for. I'm sure this will be fixed in future - and there is no problem with this on the next gen consoles. Besides this, the PS3 version has two multiplayer modes missing (because the console couldn't handle it). In addition, the fact that you can't invade and hack people on your friend list (as targets are chosen at random) has proved slightly disappointing. However, with the single player so vast, dense and full of life, these are minor disappointments in comparison and are entirely forgivable. These aren't major drawbacks given how good the game is.

Regardless of the controversy surrounding its release or what others say - watchdogs provides one of the best games available to buy on any console and has something that appeals to gamers from all genres and backgrounds. Would truly recommend this game.

Overall, watchdogs offers a true next gen experience on any console - its unlike anything ever created.