1. The storyline is boring.

It failed to spark my interest and keep me interested. I finished 15% of the storyline and couldn't force myself to keep going. I just don't care about avenging the death of Aiden's niece. I don't care about finding the mastermind who wants to screw Aiden. I've played the game for about 10 hours and I just can't handle it anymore. It will be collecting dust on my shelf. I've had more fun with Call of Duty Ghosts singleplayer and muiltiplayer even though that's a really craptastic game.

2. The game is extremely repetitive.

How about that annoying grunt (oomffff, ooomff, like they're choking on something hard and stiff) enemies make every time you get spotted? Annoying yet? Don't worry, it'll get there. Speaking of getting spotted, isn't Watch Dogs really just one big game of hide and seek? Fixer contracts, gang hideouts and stopping crimes are fun the first three times. Then it just gets boring and repetitive.

3. Multiplayer is disgustingly bad.

Multiplayer, as far as I'm concerned, doesn't exist. If I could grade it lower than 1 out of 10, I would. Truth is, this game is meant for single player only. If you think you will have fun with multiplayer, YOU ARE WRONG. Trust me. You are DEAD wrong. When you hack somebody, nothing happens. You hide like a little girl while they're running around like morons trying to find you. At first, you impishly giggle at the other player's stupidity since they've passed where you are about 10 times and still haven't found you. Then the meter reaches 100%, you've hacked them! Wohooo, congratulations. So what happens after you hack them? Oh yeah, you disappear, they disappear, you two lose connections, and you get some points. Whoop dee doo. You get hacked, you lose points. Whoop dee doo. Nothing happens. BORING. What else? Oh yeah, you can't kill other players in multiplayer no matter how many times you throw a bomb or shoot them in the face. Stupid. What is there to do in multiplayer? Online racing? Retarded. Online hacking? Don't get me started. Competing with other players? Doubly retarded. Oh, and it takes forever (1-5 minutes) to load and find a player to hack and to join a lobby. Ain't nobody got time for that, dawg.

4. Watch Dogs is a GTA Rip-off, and not nearly as good.

Whoever said Watch Dogs is not a GTA rip-off hasn't played Watch Dogs. Really dude? You think it's not a copy of GTA? It is, only with a fancy cell phone that can hack things. You hack cameras and spot enemies before they spot you. Wow, right? Sounds innovative! No, it's dumb, not innovative. Scenario time. Let's say I'm in a mission, a fenced enemy base. There are 20 enemies inside, cameras everywhere in the building. Cool I jump the fence hack the cameras, identify the enemies. Now I am expected to pick them off one by one, all 20 of them. Hack their gadgets, make their bombs go off, hack electrical panels, basically do anything that can stealthily kill them. Time spent beating the mission while in stealth mode: 15 minutes. Now how long do you think it will take me to beat the same mission if I hack their cell phones, disable their calling of reinforcements, and pull out my freaking Ak 47? Like 5 minutes. Now why the HELL should I spend 3x as much time trying to be a sneaky little bee when I can just finish the mission much faster Al Pacino style? Ain't nobody got time for that. I got dishes to wash clothes to dry. Mission complete either way. No extra rewards for killing the enemies in a stealthy fashion. The point to my little scenario is, I find my brain wanting to go GTA mode. I am programmed to go Arnold Schwarzenegger and just kill everything that moves as quickly and efficiently as possible, baby. The point is, hacking gets boring. Watch Dogs is just GTA minus a little GTA plus hacking. Same old same old.

5. The Graphics are terrible for a PS4 game. Some ps3 games have better graphics (think The Last of US). Watch Dogs does not run in 1080p as promised.

6. Exploring the world of Chicago is not as fun as it sounds.

It is boring. Boringly boring. Boringly boringly boring. Boringly boringly boringly boring, if you get my meaning. I find myself driving my fancy sports car hacking street lights and steam pipes, causing car accidents and being a total douche to the people of Chicago. And not one of them calls the police. Not one of them knows that I did it. Tee hee. Yet, when I pull out my gun and start run by shooting random civilians, only a few people call the police, and if I get to them in time by shooting them the phone hangs up and the police don't show up. I just get away with murder. Cool story, bro. And what about the effects on my reputation? I could care less. I found myself bored so many times with the missions and side-missions in this game, I pulled a Columbine massacre on a number of occasions. This game will do that to you. It will bore you to death and make you wonder what happens if you just start killing random civilians. Even that is boring. The police chase you, a fancy helicopter sniper pops by for dinner, and my AK 47 is invited. GTA Rip off, yet again. And MUCH MUCH WORSE.

RENT PLEASE, for the love of God, RENT. If you like it after you rent, then buy.